Please send a CV, cover letter and your current timezone to jarrad@designerwardrobe.co.nz
CV(Curriculum Vitae)Resume  履历 简历
cover letter 求职信


5+ years experience with Ruby on Rails, along with other common libraries such as RSpec and Resque 
3+ years experience with JavaScript and frameworks like ReactJS, AngularJS, etc.
Good understanding of server-side templating with Liquid or Slim
Solid understanding of both object-oriented programming and Ruby’s functional programming style
Proficiency with databases (SQL, NoSQL)
Familiarity with concepts like MVC, Mocking, ORM, RESTful
Knowledge about accessibility, security compliance and user authentication
Experience setting up and deploying staging/production environments
Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application
Strong unit testing and debugging skills
Experience with agile software development (Scrum, continuous integration, etc.)
Fluency in English (spoken and written)
------------------------------------------------------------
Ruby on Rails
JavaScript
jQuery
SQL
Git
Postgres & MySQL
Unit tests
React
Memory profiling
Performance profiling
TDD
Background workers
Writing design docs
Wire-framing
Caching
API implementation
Heroku
Docker
AWS services
------------------------------------------------------------
Automated Tests: You have experience writing automated tests in Ruby and Javascript.
Front-end Development Skills: Our application suite utilizes quite a bit of Javascript (CoffeeScript). 

We deploy our applications to production on average 25 times per day.
We have over 250 private repositories in Github, ranging from forks of gems, our own internal gems as well as auxiliary applications.
Our production stack is hosted on AWS and QA clusters on DigitalOcean.
Hundreds of thousands of healthcare professionals will utilize the products you build.
We host unstructured "hack days" periodically, which is time reserved for you to scratch a code itch.
A couple times a year we run a co-op where you can pick a few people you'd like to work with and drive a specific company goal.
Every new engineer ships code to production on day one. Our mentorship program ensures you're immersed in the team's culture early on. 

Mid-Level Backend Engineer
Senior Rails Programmer (Freelance)

An ability to build and improve a REST/JSON API.
Testing and TDD experience, preferably with RSpec.
Asynchronous job processing and management via SideKiq / SideKiq Pro.
Comfortable with asynchronous communication tools such as Slack and Screenhero.
Ability to debug front-end clients to your API, specifically Angular/Javascript
Knowledge about image processing, color matching and RMagick
Strength in Postgres-flavored SQL and query tuning

Create and maintain our existing Rspec test suites
Work with Rails, Heroku, Postgres, Sidekiq, Magento, WooCommerce, and more.

Our stack :
Back-end: Ruby on Rails (Rails 4.X)
Front-end: HAML, SASS, Coffee Script, HTML5, JQuery, etc.
Database: PostgreSQL
Source control: Git + github.com
Code review: github.com

Experience with the following a plus: jQuery, TDD/BDD, mobile development, E-commerce, designing an API, Postgres or Redis 

redis + Sidekiq
memcache
nginx+thin
Postgres/mysql
REST/JSON
Liquid or Slim
mongodb
Angular/Javascript/jquery
TDD/RSpec
Front-end: HAML, SASS, Coffee Script, HTML5, JQuery, etc.
了解Docker技术优先


